Nonsense
I've lost weight as a result.
Grandpa
I hope you can take care of your health in the future.
Shu Wanqiu cannot serve
Late Autumn
Good Fu Zhengguo
You've become so right and wrong now
Late autumn is gone
Then I, Su Yunqing, don't have to stay anymore
Let's go
Go out and never come back
Listen up, news from Xinyu Group
What do you want to end all cooperation with us?
Oh, Dad, I'm Chairperson Zhang
Su Wanqiu, you bitch
You planned all this, didn't you?
What's wrong with me?
The Sun Group has sent news
Terminate all cooperation with our Su family
I will give you Su Wanqiu to cooperate alone.
So what?
What does it have to do with you?
You two have been plotting against me
It's all about eating inside and out
The Sword of Resurrection
This
The reason why I endured it before
That's because you are still my wife's family
But now.
Late autumn has nothing to do with you renting and marrying me
You scold again
I'll slap you
You all wait for me